Support toggling 100-continue support feature in vert.x (#26375)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/http-reference.adoc

include::{generated-dir}/config/quarkus-vertx-http-config-group-filter-config.adoc[leveloffset=+1, opts=optional]

== Support 100-Continue in vert.x

> In order to support 100-continue (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7231#section-5.1.1) this option needs to be set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support `100-continue`, the `quarkus.http.handle-100-continue-automatically` option needs to be enabled explicitly.
```

Author: Done

> For additional information see https://vertx.io/docs/apidocs/io/vertx/core/http/HttpServerOptions.html#DEFAULT_HANDLE_100_CONTINE_AUTOMATICALLY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information check https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7231#section-5.1.1[100-continue= and the related https://vertx.io/docs/apidocs/io/vertx/core/http/HttpServerOptions.html#DEFAULT_HANDLE_100_CONTINE_AUTOMATICALLY[Vert.x documentation].
```

Author: Done

[source,properties]
----

> quarkus.http.handle-100-continue-automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quarkus.http.handle-100-continue-automatically=true
```

Author: Done
